Masinette integration blar (#11444)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/organization/integrations/notification-incidents/blar/index.md

---
title: Blar
sidebar_order: 1

description: "Learn about Sentry's Blar integration"
---

> Blar captures new errors and alerts from Sentry, triggering an agent that traverses and explores the user's code to generate a detailed report on what went wrong. This helps developers save time by allowing them to go straight into solving the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blar captures new errors and alerts from Sentry, triggering an agent that traverses and explores the user's code to generate a detailed report on what went wrong. This saves developers time by allowing them to go straight into solving the issue.
```
